Add more information about contract spec (#1395)
stellar/stellar-docs: docs/build/guides/dapps/working-with-contract-specs.mdx

This specification serves as a crucial bridge between the smart contract and client applications, enabling them to interact without needing to know the contract's internal implementation details.

# Stellar Contract Spec

> When you compile a smart contract using the Rust SDK, the resulting Wasm file includes a special section containing a complete description of your contract's interface types. This is often referred to as the contract's `spec` or `contract spec`. Stellar smart contract specification, known as the `contract spec`, is a foundational element for interacting with contracts and for building dApps on the Stellar network. Contract Spec provides a robust and fully typed definitions for interacting with smart contracts, offering functionality equivalent to Ethereum's ABI while addressing its limitations.

Reviewer: Suggested rewording to use the "long" version of the term first and foremost before 

```suggestion
When you compile a smart contract using the Rust SDK, the resulting Wasm file includes a special section containing a complete description of your contract's interface types. This is known as the smart contract specification, or "contract spec" for short, and it is a foundational element for interacting with contracts and for building dApps on the Stellar network. The contract spec provides a robust and fully typed definitions for interacting with smart contracts, offering functionality equivalent to Ethereum's ABI while addressing its limitations.
```

In general, I don't think using "Contract Spec" as a proper noun is correct over "the contract spec," but that's just my opinion. Otherwise this LGTM and is a great high-level summary!

Author: Used 'the contract spec"
